Pro Dream - 2023 - All Rights Reserved.

1. Data Use Policy

After publication of the post, the data provided will be available and visible to any user of the platform until you delete it. We are not responsible for how your information is used by other users.

We at Pro Dream only collect your email, name and photo for authentication by Google, Facebook or Twitter. Other data provided by you is of your own free will.

We are not responsible for decisions/actions taken based on information posted by other users. Our verification method is human and there may be errors.

2. Age

By signing this term of service, you confirm that you are legally independent under the laws of your country and that you can publish this information without the need for third party consent.

3. Fake information

If you make posts impersonating another person or impersonating a company representative, your account will be blocked and your posts deleted. If legal proceedings are initiated for such an ideological crime, your data will be provided to justice.

4. Don't overload our servers

You agree to limit your access to the API in such a way as to prevent excessive load on the Service. Pro Dream reserves the right to restrict or rate-limit access to the API if necessary to maintain the performance of the Service.

5. Sensitive content

You agree not to make posts that offend people, places or post pornographic content either in names or links. Our platform is to be used only for connections between people and companies. In case of non-compliance, your account will be banned and your posts deleted.

6. Changes

We may change our API and Data Use Policy from time to time. A history of changes to this Policy is available in our public source code repository at this same link.. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any substantial changes to this Policy; however, it is your responsibility to check this Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site/app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

7. Penalties

If you violate the terms of this service, Pro Dream may restrict your access to the API.

Pro Dream - 2023 - All Rights Reserved.
